[Music]
by comparison to the total oceans of the
world today's modern aircraft carrier is
but a small speck requiring
sophisticated spy planes and satellites
to keep track of her whereabouts in
reality each of America's 14 carriers is
the big punch in the most awesome array
of offensive and defensive flying
weaponry ever put to sea United States
Navy's carrier airwing
with its f-14 tomcat
[Music]
from the first drawings off the board to
the first operating system to the first
carrier landing a modern aircraft
carrier may well be the best organized
and most efficient military system ever
put together
[Music]
it's the aircraft that make the carrier
viable but it's the pilots who pay it
off and tailhook pilots think they're
better than anyone else and who's to say
they're not yet they're only as good as
the men who maintain the aircraft the
technicians who form the weapons gear
mechanics who watch over the engines
plane captains who see they're ready for
flight
the handling officer who spots them on
the deck and the air boss who tells them
when to come and when to go it's a
community like no other dedicated man
putting their skills on the line every
day
[Music]